part two of the interview with the
governor first question I got asked the
government man the fuck's going on with
this fucking match you got any fucking
say dog every motherfucking body else
laying water to your motherfucker got up
on the motherfucker Street be laying on
the motherfucking better withstand why
fuck I can't fuck she know what I'm
gonna do it like that of course I want
to ask you homeboy uh when our own boys
came to the day from work man say some
old fuck niggas of his co-workers came
and tore mass they don't fuck with you
and based on what they seen on the
interview and shit man what you thinking
about them niggas like that man
like everybody know my phone won't stop
ringing the understand what I'm saying
I'm on sucks when I'm something money
bitch
I be I don't see what arrestee plus is
wild what else ok I want to let the
viewers know man no first interview with
you man we have all 300 view within the
week last week and on still trying to
bill that bitch up though filming so you
know all the quiz I'm asking you man
gotta let give you a know man you just
straight got a shit no shit ain't
written now we know her that shit you
know this is straight straight she's
know so tell me something what you think
about a little federal trial going on in
Bay County with wheels and monkey man
wheezing monkey man personally
myself
and I also done the point yeah you say
that in your furs in if you know it's
like this could see what they want to
say about me understand what I'm saying
I'll tell you the truth that's the
difference we don't know the muffle they
might see our but is like my nigga
everything is like pretty much just like
being painted up on you you feel me
bottle yield go a lot or nigga one
writer called me but half the niggas
that was told me to pull these wound up
getting on the stand on another nigga
understand what I'm saying yeah you know
that's the crazy shit about it you never
know what you're gonna do it you get
foot in that situation you understand
what I'm saying yeah yeah but no I hate
it for those anymore enormous thing or
they got kids
yeah the one no well Tim song
I only have to see I mean I'll probably
actually shit oh you didn't die
niggas bitches man
y'all niggas don't want that fucking
time man stop fucking start em it's just
like goddamn we the fuck can you do you
feel me beside run your motherfucking
mouth who the fuck one of those Oh for
what you understand I'm saying but what
I mean I'm a straight-up nigga man I
don't give a fuck about what a bitch
think about me and what it is feel about
me understand what I'm saying it's like
fuck your necklace you film what the
fuck that's how you feel about me
understand what I'm saying
so on this on this on this video your
homeboy
how you want to view of the respond I
mean you really want them to come in and
say actor wouldn't you wanna get only -
like I don't wait the fuck up for real
it's America baby you gonna put it on
Facebook right put it on now but I don't
know like I told you motherfuckers the
food I justified you understand what I'm
saying real nigga shooting motherfucking
nigga cut don't nigga nigga this shit is
a game of chance bitch you understand
what I'm saying stay on top straight the
fuck off you motherfucking niggas don't
like and come see buddy
nigga come see buddy nigga I said
another fuck squad
straight the fuck up in this shit money
way know what's on mine I appreciate you
keeping 1,000 with me filming
now you views better keeping 1000 off so
I'll be going back to my scene sets up
video
y'all got a champ wishes on Facebook
coming on in my lane will be no
retaliation coming you can call it all
what you wanna call us them fucking
recipes Marlo
we REO